[Music]
so now we are coming to the point of
puja because there are so many new
sahaja Yogi's who I might not have known
what is the puja now as it is now you
all believe that I am Adi Shakti and you
have proof of it puja is one of the way
you can have the proof of it much more
because when you are doing the puja my
deities which are within my chakras they
get excited and they feel happy and they
want to emit more vibrations I mean they
start emitting more vibrations puja is
one of the things by which you can
excite the forms into formless now your
centres are the centres of energies but
they too have a guiding deity sitting on
all these chakras they are also the
formulas made into forms and when you do
the puja reforms melt into formless
energy and this formless energy then
starts flowing and that then blows the
wind and that's how this
misidentification superimpositions
on the spirit are given now you cannot
think about the future the whole thing
happens in a realm which is beyond
thinking so you have to understand that
you cannot rationalize the puja you
should have the maximum advantage on
your chakras for that you must fully
just concentrate on the puja and how the
wind is blowing and the wind will see to
it that they drive out all the clouds
[Music]
so they chewed on a part when they did
supposing the man is doing a filter to a
daily in India they take a great courage
to do puja to a daily you do not know
that substance I think that maybe have
that thing EPA people they were
possessed they can't understand first of
all they have a statue of someone mean
by some horrible fellow then they didn't
do the food out that what is that what
failure everything is good we have got
temples where there are also they can
say flemmings from the mother earth
which are her sheep and should be
alright but no they get reversed why
because most of them these temples are
hounded by or haunted by spirits because
they do all the fancy things there and
when people go hunting the food does
there what happens to them then they get
attacked they become more website but
the puja of only of the goddess is
allowed puja of the God is allowed but
we must know who is the god or who is
the goddess so doing the puja of every
person blindly anybody who comes forward
says this and that should not be
accepted you'd be surprised for the
first four years I said didn't even
allow them to have any pooja worship
even they said you are about guru so I
should allow us to have guru puja I said
nothing I will not then first after four
years on the Nara three day they wanted
to have one puja I said all right you
can have it but very few people and then
they found that that puja
gave them so much of vibration so much
of elated spirituality and they touched
so many dimensions suddenly that then
they started requesting me mother you
must give me a poem
[Music]
it's rather difficult or embarrassing as
a human being for me to tell you what
should be the protocol of the what is
really but I had to tell you because I
don't want you should be harmed but the
protocol must be observed and could be
understood wherever of course it's much
better now first time they had my puja
in Delhi they did my RT with a plastic
plate and the cuckoo was kept in plastic
boxes and I was so much worried about
these people that my whole body has
stunk like this controlling them not
don't do anything if you see my
photograph you see be very different
there was so surprised they didn't know
what to do so don't feel bad for
anything I mean some people feel bad
because they were late for that doesn't
matter that's the time you have to come
some people feel that they could be
something for puja doesn't matter
I never say you didn't bring this you
didn't do that that you saw or you
should not have done this now what was
the need to tell you otherwise there
would have been another big well of your
ex so you guys before you don't know
what Buddha means you don't know
anything of that time how it helps you
so whatever guys done yeah after our
children when they are going there
only my job is to predict and that I'm
[Music]
so a new education is needed for us to
understand its additions of worshipping
it's easy because your mother is always
available you just tell her there is
pooja she dress up and come down here
but in tradition at least there should
be an invitation you have to come and
receive and ask for coming because it's
now you see the joke of the whole thing
is but it's alright because you don't
know it's alright it's not only that I
am saying on the whole ish worship is a
tradition which has come to us from
great seers and ancient sages anybody
even say Moses we can say Socrates you
can say that our air or Markandeya or
any one of these people have found out
the ways and methods how to tune our
instruments to the divine achieve the
maximum job how to place the deities
that's the main point is how to please
the deity but it's a crude word pleases
but how
I don't know what should I say
innovation you say or what do you call
that how to spark them invoke invoke
them invoke them that they give you
complete blessings and the trick of the
trade one has to learn one has to
educate there's nothing wrong in getting
educated
[Music]
all the leaders complain that no one
wants to pay any money whatsoever for
cetera now see actually as you know that
whatever money you give me for
poojas I buy silver fur and you are
given the equal amount of silver as one
would give to Europeans but as far as
the pooja money is concerned it's very
low first I used to just give me $1 of
course that was all in coins which have
brought it back but otherwise whatever
is there is I am not using it for myself
I don't need it I should normally
because it's given to me but I just
thought that instead of that if I give
you silver you will have silver for puja
which is very important and that it will
be very auspicious that is how we
started this proper understanding of the
thing that we have to have a particular
type of metal particular type of styles
now these metals have an effect on us
very much effect on us and in what metal
you do the puja also has an effect it's
all a science of spirituality which one
must understand is very important and
should be done in a proper way if you
have to have the best results it's like
a science and so the puja started and I
think now people have got quite a good
sense of it
[Music]
all the gain that you have from puja is
only possible when you are realized
otherwise it is useless to do any puja
any worship people go to church
seeing few Sims and come back they are
just the same and afterwards go to the
pub so they stink probably the only
place where they can get some job one
had to exert one has to sacrifice though
I may say that sahaja yoga is the
easiest thing you don't have to go to
Himalayas to stand on your heads and all
that but still you have to sacrifice
your time your attention you see I
always tell people unless until they
have perfectly sir Yogi's you know them
they are good please don't bring them
for food but struggles up to me much
more than to them see they also feel
your brush does if see they're obliging
mean they think so VIPRE shipping me I
don't know but they don't know how mad
that troubling my coming yet without
realization the ones who haven't got
realization are really troublesome they
don't help so the myth some people have
that if they come to a puja before
realization they'll get realization is
destructive should not bring anyone who
is not a realized soul or who's not a
sahaja yogi to earth which I struggle
some and that person also starts now
seeing this that all right so from next
time also this is out of compassion I
know we do it out of compassion but this
is not what
then said me not it helps others alright
so from next time also anytime you must
find out a circular say unless and until
you're sure about the realization of a
person that is not realization you
should not call them for the future they
are no good for mother and they are not
good for them because they become mushy
doubting or something you cannot really
give them realization after that student
[Music]
now supposing the person is being Epica
he just goes on mean who doesn't love
from the morning till evening without a
negative energy to look to talented just
come down somebody doesn't refer you
that the vibrations nicely guess for
nothing to be done no not really
so there is no balance so they do a
pooja and they think oh they're done
when you know if you are right-sided
person then enjoy a healthy but not if
you are a left side
huija does hello of course my feet have
been held in both the side sleeper than
and I that left not right not anywhere
that's why in sahaja yoga before the
puja you have to go into a lot of
faculty you have to decorate the hall
you have to get me flowers you have to
organize everything beautifully look at
the roses how beautiful they are
then you starts Paris in yourself with
all these activities you
and then you sit down Fallujah that's
like in the daytime Network the night
rest to rest to get the place you must
get it like we have to climb I'm
Alliance to achieve meditation but
understand your nature supposing you are
a left-sided process mostly Isis
left-sided persons always want to do my
preference and the right-sided persons
are all romances do that early Moscow
University give your social balance and
then into the
[Music]
the thoughtless awareness when you're
doing user completely concentrated in
receiving but while Kuja people are
talking about that's the time something
is oozing out the nectar and you just
receive it at the time with devotion my
vibrations of my chakras at the time was
a lot that even the minut small little
feels in my body come a different speed
a different speed a different dimension
and I really don't know how to explain
but you see creates the melody you have
to receive and it is the melody
individually suitable for every
individual and so at the time of puja
you must know that all your attention
should be in reception so your only work
is or your only method is just to
concentrate on the puja and witness you
are a seer seer has double meaning the
one who sees only just sees and is only
knowledge is a seer without any thought
without any reaction just sees an
observer automatically spontaneously is
the seer for me
sometimes in burdens of because there
should be some parity between you and
the deities some balance must be there
here you are saying all the mantras and
the deities are awakened and there you
are who do not want to receive anything
within your heart so I am the one who
has to store up all the extra energy
that is produced in the body so it will
be better if you all keep your hearts
open and watch the puja without thinking
about it
[Music]
you have got your own petals within
yourself and these ladies are to be
awakened within me natives are the
different aspects of one God so on one
side you have the deities if the aspects
of God which are all the time awakened
on the other side you have your own
deities which are sometimes awakened
sometimes half-awakened sometimes
sleeping and sometimes think so you have
to use two methods one to please
the deity of God and ask them to bless
your debt either or to ask them to
awaken your daily to have the best
effect or the blessings or the best flow
of the grace within us we say - the
sound of mantras
the sound the Sun he comes into the
being of God and there be a code on our
chakras and then the chakras start
opening more so the flow of the grace of
God is received but only a realized soul
should chant a mantra because without
connection
how will it reach God that's why in the
beginning we don't tell them about the
mantra because in the mantras you have
to accept me as detailed in this advent
of mind it is made compulsory that you
have to recognize why have you talked to
Mataji put the method essentially but
the first name of home sister number all
right should I guess she matters when
you are standardizing the thing who has
done this you must ask me because that's
the biggest part is that I am the mother
and that is actually the name driven by
the modern people so it must be accepted
is an additional thing
when you're standardizing the things you
must ask me I love you as anything I
then acceptance over it now I would say
next time when you come to feed us all
of you must have you have written the
names of the verse you must have all the
papers that are there like we have you
moved all of us must have these papers
not only one person should have we
should try to remember certain things I
see the names of the bonus' the leaves
that we decide you should read them a
million I made and understand them the
Sanskrit meaning of it and it should
come to us very easily because that is
how we are going to work our jungles
I have to lay down boobs for you now
because you do not want to meet them I'm
also amazed that many people do not know
even my arty after so many years by
heart that is what sahaja why is because
it's a Mahamaya
so you have to learn it yourself you
have to get yourself
now when you do that the old so somebody
is shouting at the top of his voice
she's trying to lead others then another
trying to lead others this should not be
there should be some homogenous I can
make it up there's no random singing the
same don't same style try to make it 1-1
good God
in a humble way in joyous way that we
all are singing all our hearts are
singing all of us are here to do it so
many of us I feel that joy we are so
many some of you might feel that by
knowing some of the parties and things
by heart you will achieve weight is not
also because that is also just words but
if that is an awakened thing within you
then they become a month and then you
can work it out but first of all you
must achieve a certain standard to have
that power to create momentum also when
you say Samar P it's not necessarily
possible that it will work out let us
face the things as they are and not to
be conditioned by anything you have to
achieve a certain depth within yourself
to even enlighten the amantha first of
all you should have clear-cut vibrations
minimum of meaning if you have certain
chakras caching then try going through
your chakras with the photograph with
all due respect to the photograph it's
only the photograph which is going to
work it out nothing else what if I
[Music]
so these puja methods and prayer methods
and human promethazine have been devised
and found out by great thinkers of
sahaja yoga the great masters of sahaja
yoga and it is the effort or you can say
the effortless effort of Raja yoga that
makes my body vibrant extract from my
body I should say they make it makes the
infinite release itself through the
Trinity and it works it clicks have seen
it works very well but you know that
after pooja I get little time because if
you cannot receive that force
I want to the creep and get rid of that
additional vibration into simply by
entering into the infinite state if you
could receive whatever I have everything
in balance with your puja then only it
helps better
when they start emitting more vibrations
then you are surprised that how after
puja you get so drenched and it just
feel elevated and at a much higher level
of course it is true that during the
puja time you feel very much elevated
for some time you can give it up some
people definitely retain it but some
people go up and down like a yo-yo they
don't have that capacity to retain it
now they must meditate also after food
because my vibrations you do not suck in
without meditation as always it happens
so far I had very few he does it which
my whole vibrations were sucked if you
have sincerity about it really the
sincerity part of it will suck all my
relations tell your mind not to ask
questions and to misbehave but to suck
the vibrations yeah this is for your own
nourishment for your own growth for your
own angel
the Poudre has its effect on everyone
but according to our your depth and
that's for that you have to have studied
our field if your mind is still thinking
you cannot achieve much input while for
Indians to attend a puja is the highest
they don't mind my lecture that anything
if they miss the program doesn't matter
any music program is alright any kind of
discomfort is alright as long as they
can attend to do that today people have
come from 200 to 300 miles for this
portion all the way because they know
this is the knowledge of the roots for
that you have to do the food
[Music]
I have seen many women specially in
sahaja yoga there are sahaja Yogi's
their vibrations all that is there but
they they do not know what is such they
do not know what these chakras are they
do not know that how these vibrations
were now today's lecture is quite a
lecture cut complicated I would say if
you see to it will have to listen to it
at least four or five times to
understand it with a paper and a pen see
it's not an easy thing because I am
telling you now it's alright it is quite
entertaining but behind the
entertainment there is a deep knowledge
so I have not seen the sahaja yoginis
mostly sit down with a paper and pencil
to know what is mother saying what is
the knowledge is giving us about the
various things to them sorry oka means
to be nice to cook good food and help
the sahaja Yogi's and that of course for
the puja is to wear nice saris and nice
dresses come to the puja and all that
and finished also so for them it is very
important that they should also know
what is sahaja yoga they must listen to
my lectures sit down studied nicely and
understand
sahaja yoga is not only meant for men
it's meant for you much more for you
because you are Shakti and I am your
mother
so I find the women lock that they are
more worried about the saris the this
and that and I mean now from the
hairdressing they have come to surrender
that's what I feel with just the same of
course sari is a very good dresser it's
nice to wear by that we give a lot of
encouragement or beavers in India is
very artistic and good that represents
also a very ladylike feminine thing but
that doesn't mean you should become so
feminine that you don't understand
sahaja yoga no sorry means you can also
be very done with the same sari that you
are wearing even the saris of the nine
yards we have had queens view for the
English so though you see the Indian
women look so designed and simple but
when it comes to their personality they
are capable of tremendous things
so this character when you are wearing
the saris you must also know how to try
out the backside and sight
otherwise you have not got the search
culture in you either you are very
dominating or you are so docile like
cabbages you must understand that we
have to be alert very alert when mother
depends on us on our own personalities
that the way we are going to develop
ourselves our children our husbands our
Society of sahaja yoga the whole of each
veneer mother is the woman who makes the
society the whole universe is in the
hands of a woman who creates children
just enjoy don't miss the point we got
this
[Music]
you